From:	BizEngage STB Feedback <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg>
Sent:	Wednesday, 17 April 2024 11:37 am
Subject:	FW: 12-2023-21-00485573 - Enquiry - INC000024277802 request for potential 
collaboration. Blog, Social Media

Categories:	This is an Internet email. If you are unsure of the content‚ please check the source 
before you respond.

 
 
 
--------------- Forwarded Message --------------- 
From: BizEngage STB Feedback [stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg] 
Sent: 21/12/2023, 4:31 pm 
To: katharina.mich@googlemail.com 
Subject: 12-2023-21-00485573 - Enquiry - INC000024277802 request for potential collaboration. Blog, 
Social Media 
 
Dear Kate, 
 
Greetings from the Singapore Tourism Board (STB). 
 
Thank you for your email and reaching out to us. 
 
We are pleased to share with you that currently STB has a network of global offices and 
four marketing representatives in key regions and would like to take this opportunity to 
introduce our Europe regional office (RO). 
 
Our regional office undertakes the entire spectrum of tourism functions, from tourism 
marketing to investment promotion. They work together with in-market industry partners 
to promote Singapore to overseas consumers, facilitate tourism companies in 
investment plans and business alliances, monitor competitive activities and support the 
development of bi- or multi-lateral agreements. 
 
Hence, you may wish to contact our regional office based in Brussels, Belgium at their 
contact address below : 
 
BELGIUM, BRUSSELS 
Singapore Tourism Board 
143/4 Avenue Louise 
1050 Brussels 
Belgium 
Email: Brussels@stb.gov.sg 
 
Hope the above information helps and we look forward to welcoming you to Singapore. 
 
Should you require any further information, please reach out to us at 
stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
 
We encourage you to use our e-services, or talk to us via our friendly web-chat (click on 
the green icon at the bottom of STB's website-
https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en.html) to get quick answers. You may also drop us 
a message on Facebook – Singapore Tourism Board. 
 
Note: Please keep your email attachments to be within 10MB and retain the 
subject title in your replies to us about this matter. Alternatively, you may 
consider sending separate emails to stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
  
Best regards, 
Suhaina Zaini (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622    
Website:www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or download the Visit Singapore 
Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple App Store. 
 
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
 
From: Kate The Great <katharina.mich@googlemail.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2023 4:28 PM 
Subject: INC000024277802 request for potential collaboration. Blog, Social Media
 
[External email] Please be cautious when clicking on any links or attachments. 
 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
 
I hope this message finds you well. My name is Kate, and I'm a Russian-German travel blogger and 
photographer from Belgium. Since I’m also a mother of two little boys my articles are mainly focused on 
family friendly destinations. I’m reaching out to inquire about potential collaboration opportunities with 
influencers at your organization.I currently manage a thriving travel blog, https://elysianmoment.com, which 
showcases my travel experiences and highlights captivating destinations. With over 20,000 monthly readers, 
I have had the privilege of collaborating with numerous tourism departments, such as those in Belgium, 
Austria, New Zealand, the Maldives, and many prestigious 4 and 5-star hotels, including Elounda Beach Hotel 
& Villas in Crete, Terhills in Maasmechelen, Westin (Marriott) in Toronto, Hyatt in Montreal, Azia Resort & 
Spa in Cyprus, Alpina Spa & Sporthotel in Austria, to name a few.You can peruse some of my past 
collaborations on the following links: 
*	https://elysianmoment.com/family-holidays-best-hotel-crete/
*	https://elysianmoment.com/3-days-athens-greece/
In addition to publishing articles on my blog, I also share them across various social media platforms, such as 
Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube, which significantly amplifies the reach of my content. On 
Instagram, for instance, I am able to reach up to 10 million views and garner 230,000 interactions.Should we 
decide to collaborate, I am eager to craft a well-researched article , helping you gain popularity and attention 
on social media. Furthermore, I will produce a video that will be shared on YouTube, and I can provide high-
resolution images suitable for your promotional purposes on the web and social media.If you find the 
prospect of collaboration intriguing or if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to get in touch with 
me. I'm more than happy to discuss this further.Looking forward to the possibility of working together.Kind 
regards,Kate
  
