From:	BizEngage STB Feedback <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg>
Sent:	Wednesday, 17 April 2024 11:38 am
Subject:	FW: 02-2024-26-00488297 - Enquiry - MEDIA PARTNERSHIP

Categories:	This is an Internet email. If you are unsure of the content‚ please check the source 
before you respond.

 
 
 
--------------- Forwarded Message --------------- 
From: BizEngage STB Feedback [stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg] 
Sent: 27/2/2024, 4:56 pm 
To: giuseppecannavoo@yahoo.it 
Subject: 02-2024-26-00488297 - Enquiry - MEDIA PARTNERSHIP 
 
Dear Giuseppe, 
 
Greetings from the Singapore Tourism Board (STB). 
 
Thank you for reaching out to us via our VisitSingapore website. 
 
We are pleased to share with you that currently STB has a network of global offices and 
four marketing representatives in key regions and would like to take this opportunity to 
introduce our Europe regional office (RO). 
 
Our regional office undertakes the entire spectrum of tourism functions, from tourism 
marketing to investment promotion. They work together with in-market industry partners 
to promote Singapore to overseas consumers, facilitate tourism companies in 
investment plans and business alliances, monitor competitive activities and support the 
development of bi- or multi-lateral agreements. 
 
Hence, you may wish to contact our regional office based in Milan, Italy at their contact 
address below : 
 
Italy, Milan 
Singapore Tourism Board Marketing Representative  
PR & GO UP Communication Partners 
Fabio Filzi, 27 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
Tel:  +39 335 27 62 16 
Email: gloria.peccini@prgoup.it 
 
Hope the above information helps and we look forward to welcoming you to Singapore. 
 
Enquiry Details 
Name: Giuseppe Cannavó 
Email: giuseppecannavoo@yahoo.it 
Contact: +393409224014 
Enquiry: 
Dear Singapore tourism board PR & communication department, 
My name is Giuseppe Cannavó and I am a content creator and destination 
photographer from Italy that runs an instagram account with over 100.000 followers and 
a Tik Tok page with over 10.000 both named @giuseppecannavoo. I help tourism 
boards, luxury hotels, automotive and destinations to highlight their brands, services 
and products with my creative work in order to boost their commercial and advertising 
value. 
I have been to Simgapore twice in the past and had a taste of your beautiful city, its 
vibrant culture and rich cousine. Following my good time in all my past visits, I'd love be 
back and discuss a potential media collaboration together. 
I could help you promote and showcase the unique travel experience offered by Visit 
Singapore, its available activities and its position as a top tourist destinations in Asia 
trough my creative vision and to a wide European public. I strongly believe that a media 
collaboration together will create a valuable synergy and a great result also in the long 
terms. 
I have already worked as a creator & photographer for Visit Abu Dhabi, Visit Maldives, 
Visit Seychelles, Visit Malta, Go Vilnius, Visit Bordeaux, Visit Fuerteventura, Turismo 
Lanzarote, Jumeirah hotels, Hilton properties, Sheraton Milan, Four Seasons hotels, 
Anantara hotels, Rixos hotels, Raffles hotels, Fairmont hotels and many others. 
I'd love to get I touch with the right department in order to provide you also more 
insights about my social media channels, my media kit and the most relevant 
partnerships I have done so far. 
Looking forward to read back from you and create magic together in 2024! 
Warmest,GIUSEPPE CANNAVO' 
Destination photographer & Content Creator 
P: +39 3409224014 E: giuseppecannavoo@yahoo.it 
 
Should you require any further information, please reach out to us 
at stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
 
We encourage you to use our e-services, or talk to us via our friendly web-chat (click on 
the green icon at the bottom of STB's website-
https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en.html) to get quick answers. You may also drop us 
a message on Facebook – Singapore Tourism Board. 
 
Note: Please keep your email attachments to be within 10MB and retain the 
subject title in your replies to us about this matter. Alternatively, you may 
consider sending separate emails to stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
  
Best regards, 
Suhaina Zaini (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622    
Website:www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or download the Visit Singapore 
Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple App Store. 
 
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
   
