From:	BizEngage STB Feedback <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg>
Sent:	Wednesday, 17 April 2024 11:38 am
Subject:	FW: 03-2024-21-00489542 - Enquiry - Social Media Collaboration

Categories:	This is an Internet email. If you are unsure of the content‚ please check the source 
before you respond.

 
 
 
--------------- Forwarded Message --------------- 
From: BizEngage STB Feedback [stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg] 
Sent: 21/3/2024, 4:01 pm 
To: wholesome.mils@gmail.com 
Subject: 03-2024-21-00489542 - Enquiry - Social Media Collaboration 
 
Dear Millie, 
 
Greetings from the Singapore Tourism Board (STB). 
 
Thank you for reaching out to us via our VisitSingapore website. 
 
We are pleased to share with you that currently STB has a network of global offices and 
four marketing representatives in key regions and would like to take this opportunity to 
introduce our Europe regional office (RO). 
 
Our regional office undertakes the entire spectrum of tourism functions, from tourism 
marketing to investment promotion. They work together with in-market industry partners 
to promote Singapore to overseas consumers, facilitate tourism companies in 
investment plans and business alliances, monitor competitive activities and support the 
development of bi- or multi-lateral agreements. 
 
Hence, you may wish to contact our regional office based in London, United Kingdom at 
their contact address below : 
 
UNITED KINGDOM, LONDON 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Singapore Centre 
First Floor, Southwest House 
11A Regent Street 
London, SW1Y 4LR 
United Kingdom 
Tel:   (44-20) 7484 2710 
Email: STB_London@stb.gov.sg 
The office is open on Tuesdays, Wednesdays & Thursdays from 9am - 5pm. 
Appointment required for all other times. 
 
Hope the above information helps and we look forward to welcoming you to Singapore. 
 
Enquiry Details 
Name: Millie Stephenson 
Email: Wholesome.mils@gmail.com 
Contact: 07341816375 
Enquiry: 
I noticed you are advertising on TikTok, and I would love to collaborate on social media. 
I am a travel page with a combined following of over 400k on TikTok and Instagram. I 
think I could create some beautiful content for visit Singapore. I have always wanted to 
go and I know my audience would love to see, as they always come to my page for 
travel recommendations. My handles are @wholesome.mils. I look forward to hearing 
from you! 
 
Should you require any further information, please reach out to us at 
stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
 
We encourage you to use our e-services, or talk to us via our friendly web-chat (click on 
the green icon at the bottom of STB's website-
https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en.html) to get quick answers. You may also drop us 
a message on Facebook – Singapore Tourism Board. 
 
Note: Please keep your email attachments to be within 10MB and retain the 
subject title in your replies to us about this matter. Alternatively, you may 
consider sending separate emails to stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
  
Best regards, 
Suhaina Zaini (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622    
Website:www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or download the Visit Singapore 
Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple App Store. 
 
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
 
