Email Enquiries
1. Email social media collaborations
https://orchid.stb.gov.sg/display/INDUSTRY/General+SOP+-+CC (expand social media collaborations)
Guidelines
Step 1: Filtering
•	Profiles with 300k followers and up to re-route to STB teams (HQ/RO)
•	Anything below may proceed with template response (Please refer below)
•	Requests that come in from legitimate Brands and company profiles may be prioritised and shared with HQ Social team for consideration.
Step 2: Actions to take
•	Collab request from a market that STB has a regional office > Share with RO team to consider opportunities (Please find attached document for RO contact list)
•	Collab request from a market/country without an STB presence > Share with HQ Social team to consider opportunities

2. TA complaints
https://orchid.stb.gov.sg/display/INDUSTRY/General+SOP+-+CC (expand TATG)
I understand that it was listed as point 3, however, Hotel complaints has no official updated SOP, hence, understanding TA complaints SOP first, would help you to understand our current SOP for hotel complaints.

Handling TA Complaints (Emails)
Step 1: CSO to use initial information given to assess if the complaint is a service issue or breach of TA Act 
•	 i. TA or Supplier cancels and did not provide refund; travel product not fully delivered; customer did not accept changes to the Travel product → Potential breach of TA Act
•	 ii. Consumer cancels → No breach; Consumer to refer to cancellation T&Cs in the contract.
  Step 2: Request for additional information (where necessary)

Step 2: Use below template to ask for more information from MOP (if original email from MOP lacks information to ascertain if it is a service or non-service issue)
Dear XXX
Thank you for sharing your experience with us.
We noted that your concerns have been raised with (insert Travel Agent name).  To help us in better understanding of the issue, please provide the following details:
•	Booking confirmation (PDF format)
•	Invoices including complete terms and conditions (PDF format)
•	All Email/Chat correspondences with (insert Travel Agent name)
•	Any other related documents such as images/photos/screenshots/videos
Following the receipt of the above documents, we will share it along with your feedback with the relevant department for review and assessment, where they may also share the information provided with (insert Travel Agent name).
We look forward to hearing from you.
  
Step 3a. If the case is assessed as a service issue (for local consumer complaints only)
For tourist complaints seeking monetary redress, please follow the current SOPs- forward it to CASE for their handling
Dear XXX
Thank you for taking time to share your experience with us, it must have been difficult for you to have your travel plans cancelled.
As much as we understand the challenges you have faced, STB is not in a position to interfere in commercial contracts such as the one you have with (insert Travel Agent name). Nevertheless, there are steps you may take to help with your current situation.
We would advise you to try to independently reach an amicable agreement with (insert Travel Agent name) if you have not already done so.
Should you require a professional organisation to mediate with the travel agent on your behalf, please reach out to the Consumers Association of Singapore (CASE). Alternatively, you may file a case directly with the Small Claims Tribunal (SCT).
The contacts for CASE and SCT are as follow:
Consumers Association of Singapore
•	Website: www.case.org.sg
•	Hotline: 6100-0315 (Mon - Fri, 9am to 5pm)
Small Claims Tribunals
•	Website: www.judiciary.gov.sg/civil/small-claims
We hope that the information shared has been helpful. 

Step 3b. If the case is assessed as a breach of TA Act. Forward MOP's correspondence and information to TALRR in below format:
Summary of the complaint	•	Name of TA
•	What happened
•	What is the desired outcome? (e.g., MOP wanted STB to investigate the TA)
•	PDPA consent?
Which party cancelled	TA or MOP

3. Hotel Complaints
We don’t have an official updated SOP, however hotels team has been extremely helpful in advising us on cases. They also have a very similar process with TA complaints as they are similar in nature. 

Essentially, hotel complaints follow the above TA complaint SOP stated in point 2. 

Step 1: Use below template to ask for more information from MOP (if original email from MOP lacks information)
Dear XXX
Thank you for sharing your experience with us.
We noted that your concerns have been raised with (insert Hotel name).  To help us in better understanding of the issue, please provide the following details:
•	Booking confirmation (PDF format)
•	Invoices including complete terms and conditions (PDF format)
•	All Email/Chat correspondences with (insert Hotel name)
•	Any other related documents such as images/photos/screenshots/videos
Following the receipt of the above documents, we will share it along with your feedback with the relevant department for review and assessment, where they may also share the information provided with (insert Hotel name).
We look forward to hearing from you.

Step 2: Forward email received from MoP with all relevant information to stb_hotels@stb.gov.sg where hotels team would further advice.

Step 3: Hotels team normally forwards everything to hotel where they may respond to MoP. Hotel’s team will normally advice STB CC if case has been concluded and STB CC will close the case.

4. Attractions enquiries
No SOP for these as they are fairly simple to answer. Examples of these type of enquiries include “What time does Singapore Flyer open?” or “Merlion was closed for renovation works. Has it opened yet? Or “Does STB have discounts or can STB book attractions on MoP’s behalf? Lastly it also includes feedback on the attractions or staff of the attractions which the team gets plenty of.


5. Business Proposals
These are normally more complex hence there is no SOP. Business proposals comes in many forms and can easily be confused with a sales email.

A sales or spam email will not be forwarded to anyone. However, a business proposal has to go to a Line Unit for their assessment.

Simply put, CSO’s SOP for business proposal enquiries is actually only to find the correct Line Unit, and get the Line Unit to takeover the proposal should they assess that they are interested. 

The complexity comes in finding the correct Line Unit. Additionally, different Line Units have different SOP’s. 

For example case reference: 02-2024-06-00487473(For PS reference), where MoP wrote in wanting to work with STB to build an integrated report dedicated to motorsports in Singapore. The case was sent to Integrated Resorts team, then F1 team, then marketing, then finally ended with the Sports Business Partnership team. 

The sports Business Partnership Team’s SOP is to reply directly to MoP while copying STB CC. 

Call Enquiries
Do note that call enquiries are normally simpler and can normally be answered on the spot.
1.Attraction Enquiries

Similar SOP as above. Answers can normally be found online. And if enquiry is too complicated, CSO may ask MoP to write in where we may get further advice from LU.

2. TG license renewal enquiries
SOP is guide MoP to https://trust.stb.gov.sg/ and show MoP where they need to login into their own personal account and follow the given instructions to renew their license. If they do ask for the requirements, CSO would be able to give them the requirements needed to renew their license.

3. TG License collection
MoP’s many times call in to ask when or how they can collect their TG license. CSO normally informs them to wait for the email that TG team will send to MoP informing them of the collection date/time.

4. Marketing/Collaborations
SOP is to get MoP to write in with the details of their proposals. Email team will then assess and find the appropriate Line Units responsible for responding to MoP.

5. Business proposals
SOP is the same as point 4. MoP’s have to write in with the details of their proposals. Email team then finds the appropriate Line Units responsible for responding to MoP.
