From:	BizEngage STB Feedback <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg>
Sent:	Wednesday, 17 April 2024 12:03 pm
Subject:	FW: RE: RE: 01-2024-26-00487048 - Enquiry on Complaint Procedure

Categories:	This is an Internet email. If you are unsure of the content‚ please check the source 
before you respond.

 
 
 
--------------- Forwarded Message --------------- 
From: BizEngage STB Feedback [stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg] 
Sent: 21/2/2024, 1:00 pm 
To: jeremy_oh@stb.gov.sg 
Subject: RE: RE: 01-2024-26-00487048 - Enquiry on Complaint Procedure 
 
Hi Jeremy, 
 
Acknowledged the points evaluation of the case and PDPA consent cleared from MoP.  
 
Thank you.  
 
Best regards, 
Nor Azline Abu Bakar (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622   
Website: www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or 
download the Visit Singapore Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple 
App Store. 
 
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
 
 
 
--------------- Original Message --------------- 
From: [jeremy_oh@stb.gov.sg] 
Sent: 21/2/2024, 10:07 am 
To: stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg 
Subject: RE: RE: 01-2024-26-00487048 - Enquiry on Complaint Procedure 
 

Hi Nor,
 
Further to my email below, can you confirmed that PDPA consent is obtained from the complainant for 
us to use/forward her docs to Agoda?
 
 
 
Regards
Jeremy
 
From: Jeremy OH (STB) 
Sent: Tuesday, February 20, 2024 6:25 PM 
To: 'BizEngage STB Feedback' <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg> 
Cc: Baharudeen Ali MOHAMED KASSIM (STB) <Baharudeen_Ali_MOHAMED_KASSIM@stb.gov.sg> 
Subject: FW: RE: 01-2024-26-00487048 - Enquiry on Complaint Procedure
 
Hi Nor,
 
[Internal Assessment] The essence of the complaint revolves around issues with the poor living 
condition, noise, unusual odors, non-functional WiFi, and the absence of full-length windows as 
advertised (photos not provided to STB; Page 4/14 on Taipei 1). These concerns seem to be more 
related to service quality rather than false advertising regarding the windows. Therefore, it may not be 
a strong case for investigation under false advertising. The complaint
 
Furthermore, our TAR set that advertisements standards for travel products (definition under Section 
4(1) of TAA). A hotel accommodation by itself does not qualify as a travel product. Unless there is 
evidence suggesting that Agoda also provided transportation, such as airport transfers or flights, in 
connection with the complaint, we are limited in our ability to proceed with the investigation. 
 
Please let me know if you need further clarifications. 
 
Regards
Jeremy 
 
 
From: BizEngage STB Feedback <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg> 
Sent: Tuesday, February 20, 2024 1:48 PM 
To: Jeremy OH (STB) <Jeremy_OH@stb.gov.sg> 
Subject: FW: RE: 01-2024-26-00487048 - Enquiry on Complaint Procedure
 
Dear Jeremy,  
 
We refer to case ID: 01-2024-26-00487048 - Enquiry on Complaint Procedure
MoP Yun has reached out to report Agoda's misleading advertisement of a hotel in Taiwan, 
which led to him cutting short his stay and canceling his booking. Despite his attempts to seek 
assistance from Agoda regarding a refund from the hotel, he was redirected to contact either the 
consumer association or the tourism board in Singapore for help.
Unfortunately, the hotel has declined his request for a refund for the cancelled nights. 
 
Upon review, we believe there may be a potential breach of contract due to false advertising or 
misrepresentation of the hotel on Agoda's platform.
Attached to this email are MoP Yun's feedback and accompanying documents for your perusal. 
 
Appreciate if you could copy us your email to Agoda at stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg for our 
records. 
Thank you for your assistance.  
 
Note: Please keep your email attachments to be within 10MB and retain the 
subject title in your replies to us about this matter. Alternatively, you may 
consider sending separate emails to stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg 
 
Best regards, 
Nor Azline Abu Bakar (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622   
Website: www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or 
download the Visit Singapore Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple 
App Store. 
 
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
 
2nd email: (03/02/2024)
Dear Nor Azline Abu Bakar, 
 
Appreciate your prompt response. I have received a follow up email 
for my reply to this email, and I understand from the email that I can 
still send in the relevant information under this reply before 4th 
February 2024. Below are the required details. 
 
I have attached 4 files below: 
 
1. the conversation with agoda customer service 
2. payment invoice 
3. booking details, including booking number and hotel address 
4. building directory, which shows a ktv located directly above the 
hotel 
 
Other than the files uploaded, the following details are also some 
problems that I have faced at the hotel, and I would like to also state 
it under this email for future reference, should it be required on your 
end: 
 
1. It was stated on the website that free working wifi is available, 
however, I wasn't able to connect to the wifi despite several tries. 
This posed a huge issue to me, as I needed working wifi for my 
online work meetings, and the free wifi available was also a 
determining factor which led me to my booking with this hotel. 
 
2. As seen in the file uploaded below (under pdf named "hotel 
directory"), there is a ktv right above the hotel. This was also an 
issue as the noise from above could be clearly heard in my room. 
Even though the hotel did reassure us that ktv will only be operating 
from 1pm to 10pm daily, this information was not made transparent 
to us during our booking nor before I signed the check-in agreement 
at the hotel, hence it seems to me that they are hiding this key 
information despite knowing that the noise from the ktv right above 
would potentially bring great inconvenience to me during my stay, 
thereby allowing this transaction to take place with me being left as 
the uninformed party. This piece of information was definitely 
essential, as it would significantly affect my decision on whether to 
proceed with my booking, since it is natural for hotel guests to factor 
in a quiet and conducive environment for resting during their stay. 
 
Even though the hotel did offer to change rooms for us, it was only a 
level below the room that we were allocated to, and we were 
informed that there will be no accessible lift for us to go down if we 
were to accept the changing of rooms. This simply wasn't a solution 
to us as we would not expect to carry our bulky baggages down the 
stairs, moreover the hotel reception did not offer any further help. 
 
3. When I inquired with the hotel about its charges for a one-night 
stay for 21 January 2024, the hotel reception told me that it is NTD 
1880 per night (this evidence can only be provided by the hotel, as 
they did not have a physical price copy which I can take a picture 
of), which was almost half the amount of what I have paid for my 
average per-night stay on Agoda. 
 
I understand that hotel prices can fluctuate, and it is not mandatory 
for a third-party booking website to be charging similar or exact 
prices as the hotel property, however I find it absurd and unjustified 
to be paying almost twice the amount on Agoda website as 
compared to the rates at the property, since it wasn't a peak period. 
I do not believe the fluctuation in prices would be that significant 
such that it can bring about a close to SGD300 difference. Hence I 
have sufficient reason to believe that it isn't fair for me to pay so 
much more for this stay. 
 
 
Hope the above information would suffice. Thank you. 
 
Best regards, 
Yun
 
 
1st Email: 
 
--------------- Original Message --------------- 
From: Yun Jinwen [wenwen6812@gmail.com] 
Sent: 26/1/2024, 7:33 pm 
To: stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg 
Subject: Enquiry on Complaint Procedure 
 
To whom it may concern, 
 
I am writing to inquire about the procedure pertaining to a complaint that I would wish to make. 
 
I have booked a hotel under Agoda for an overseas trip to Taiwan, which took place from 17 January 
2024- 23 January 2024. I have booked a hotel via Agoda for my trip in Taiwan, however the room which I 
received was not what was shown to me on the Agoda website, and there were many aspects of the 
hotel which was not as advertised on the hotel booking website as well . 
 
I have approached the hotel in Taiwan as well as Agoda about this matter, however I am not satisfied 
with the solution given, and I was not given any refund, despite not staying in the hotel for any nights. 
 
I have already filed a credit card dispute for this transaction, however I would like to file an official 
complaint under stb/case, such that I will be able to follow up with this case, should my credit card 
dispute fail. 
 
Kindly advise on how I should proceed with the complaint, as this would involve both Agoda and the 
Taiwan hotel which I have booked via Agoda. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Regards,
Yun 
   
  
