From:	BizEngage STB Feedback <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg>
Sent:	Wednesday, 17 April 2024 12:01 pm
Subject:	FW: Re: 02-2024-24-00488192 - Feedback - Complain on EU Holidays

Categories:	This is an Internet email. If you are unsure of the content‚ please check the source 
before you respond.

 
 
 
--------------- Forwarded Message --------------- 
From: BizEngage STB Feedback [stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg] 
Sent: 27/2/2024, 4:58 pm 
To: ngjohnson89@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 02-2024-24-00488192 - Feedback - Complain on EU Holidays 
 
Dear Johnson,  
 
Thank you for the documents attached.  
We have evaluated the feedback provided and determined it pertains to service issues. We 
recommend contacting a representative from EU Holidays directly as the initial step towards 
resolving the issue amicably.
Should EU Holidays dismiss your claims, we will support you in addressing the matter on your 
behalf. Please keep us informed of your communications with EU Holidays and include us in 
your email correspondence at stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg for our records.
We trust this clarifies the situation, and we look forward to a prompt resolution of your concerns.
Should you require any further clarification, please reach out to us at 
stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg 
 
Have a pleasant evening ahead.  
 
We encourage you to use our e-services, or talk to us via our friendly web-chat (click on 
the green icon at the bottom of Website:www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or 
download the Visit Singapore Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple 
App Store. 
 
Note: Please keep your email attachments to be within 10MB and retain the 
subject title in your replies to us about this matter. Alternatively, you may 
consider sending separate emails to stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg 
  
Best regards, 
Nor Azline Abu Bakar (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622   
Website: www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or 
download the Visit Singapore Travel Guide. Download the app on Google Play or Apple 
App Store. 
  
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
 
  
 
 
--------------- Original Message --------------- 
From: Johnson Ng [ngjohnson89@gmail.com] 
Sent: 27/2/2024, 4:38 pm 
To: stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg 
Subject: Re: 02-2024-24-00488192 - Feedback - Complain on EU Holidays 
  
Hi Nor Azline, 
 
Thank you for the reply. 
 
Please find attached the invoices and relevant whatsapp messages to support my claim
 
I do not have any correspondences with EU Holidays as I did not file this complain directly with them. 
 
Do let me know if you required other information. 
 
Thank you
 
Regards, 
Johnson
  
On Tue, 27 Feb 2024, 2:41 pm BizEngage STB Feedback, <stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg> wrote:
Dear Johnson, 
 
Greetings from the Singapore Tourism Board (STB). 
 
Thank you for reaching out to us and we are sorry to hear of the less than satisfactory 
experience you encountered with EU Holidays. 
 
While we sympathize with the challenges you have encountered, it is important to 
clarify that the STB cannot enforce legally binding terms and conditions that have been 
agreed upon. Decisions regarding refunds and cancellation policies are typically guided 
by commercial considerations and the terms and conditions outlined in your contractual 
agreement with the service provider. 
 
However, we are committed to assisting in facilitating a thorough review of the 
situation. To better address your concerns, we kindly request the following 
documentation: 
 
Please provide the following information in PDF form: 
  
•         Booking Reference Numbers and Payment Invoices of your booking (name 
included) with EU Holidays. 
•         All Correspondences with EU Holidays, in their replies to you (regarding your 
feedback) 
•         Any other supporting documents (e.g., photos/video/WhatsApp record) 
  
Upon receipt for the above, we will forward your email to the relevant team for their 
information and assessment before we could advise further. 
 
We eagerly await your response to provide any further assistance you may require. 
 
Thank you and have a pleasant evening ahead.  
 
Feedback details: 
Name: Johnson 
Contact: 98567260 
Email: ngjohnson89@gmail.com 
Comments: Dear Officer, 
 
I was travelling with EU Holidays on their 11D8N EUROPE FANTASY from 10 to 20 
Feb 2024 and wish to file a complain on the optional tours that they offered. 
 
1. Numbers of Optional Tours: 
There were a total of 5 optional tours been offered which were too excessive. I have 
been to numerous tours with different agencies and the maximum optional tours been 
offered were only 3. 
 
2. Appropriateness of Optional Tours: 
Even though it was referred to as optional tours, the way they structured in the optional 
tours within the itinerary were more like been compulsory to take it up. While we were 
in France, we visited a small villages in Riquewihr in the morning. After which there 
were no more places of interest for the day as the evening we will need to travel to 
Switzerland. We were been offered an optional tour to Colmar which is just a mere 
20mns drive away and they charged us 40 EUR. There was no admission fees nor 
lunch provided in this optional tour to Colmar. If anyone do not wish to take up, the tour 
leader was not able to provide an alternative or wish to go back to pick up members 
before heading to Switzerland for the evening. 
 
3. Price of Optional Tour: 
It was noted in their Brochure the charges for the optional tour as follows: 
- Kleine Scheidegg: CHF139 / CHF119 
 
But we were been offered the prices as per whatsapp messages: 
- Kleine Scheidegg: CHF159 
 
I questioned the tour leader on the discrepancy but she was not able to provide an 
explanation. 
 
Adding on to the optional tour to Colmar as mentioned above, we too sounded our 
displeasure on the high charges of 40 EUR where we can just uber down for 30 EUR 
and the tour leader offered an discount to 20 EUR. This shows that these optional tours 
are just an extra income for them only. We argued on the having to charge for just a 
trip down 20 mins away, the tour leader mentioned that driver needs to be paid for the 
trip which we highly doubted so as drivers are been hired based on the day and not by 
hours. 
 
Please find attached the link to the itinerary 
https://www.euholidays.com.sg/tour/detail/11d8n_europe_fantasy_winter 
 
We have chosen EU Holidays based on the good reviews and wish to enjoy our trip but 
were disappointed on the services rendered. 
We hope to hear from the authority soon. Thank you! 
 
We encourage you to use our e-services, or talk to us via our friendly web-chat (click 
on the green icon at the bottom of STB's website-
https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en.html to get quick answers. You may also drop us 
a message on Facebook – Singapore Tourism Board 
 
Note: Please keep your email attachments to be within 10MB and retain the 
subject title in your replies to us about this matter. Alternatively, you may 
consider sending separate emails to stbfeedback@bizengage.gov.sg. 
 
Best regards, 
Nor Azline Abu Bakar (Ms) 
Digital Transformation & Service Excellence 
Singapore Tourism Board 
Contact Number: (65) 6736 6622   
Website: www.visitsingapore.com | www.stb.gov.sg or 
download the Visit Singapore Travel Guide. Download the app on Google 
Play or Apple App Store. 
 
This e-mail and its attachment(s), if any ("communication"), may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not use, 
disclose, copy, distribute or deliver this communication in whole or in part to anyone. 
Kindly notify us of the error and delete it (including copies) immediately. Thank you. 
  
  
